hi i'm anna lawson i'm food and reviews
writer at bbc good food
it's my job to test products everything
from new food and drink
to equipment like blenders knives
graters
you name it i've probably tested it so
today i'm going to be testing vegan
snack boxes
so i've got three boxes here they're all
vegan snack boxes but they're different
prices so i think
this one is 13 pounds 49 it comes from a
place called healthy nibbles
it's got about five snacks in it this
one is snack fully
it's 15 pounds so mid range and this one
is a goodness project which is the most
expensive one at 48 pounds 90
and it's got i think vegan snacks
including a lot of chocolate
so here we go
cool so this one's healthy nibbles so
when you first open it you can see you
get two different teas
from we arty
and a little note from them
and then i should open it like this
then what we've got inside sweet and
salty popcorn from proper corn
ollie's pretzels pretzel thins
salted then we've got creative nature
novels which a little chocolate hazelnut
bites
boundless nuts turmeric and smoked
paprika
and then we've got a vegan ginger and
peanut
love vegan bar you get quite a lot in
here there's more than five
a little alcohol-free ginger like shot
and a coffee brew bag
so you get quite a lot of stuff in here
i've already tried this popcorn and it's
great so i'm not gonna try that now
um i'm quite intrigued by these pretzels
so these are like little pretzel fins
[Applause]
very good crunchy salty good snack maybe
when you're having a drink
um i know that these teas are good
because i've tried those before as well
so it's nice that you get those this is
coffee in a bag
um these i've had these guys before but
not this flavor
and they're really nice so let's try
this one
so it's like little spiced
nuts and seeds there turmeric and
smoked paprika
also nice so these like a bit smoky from
the smoked paprika and a bit spicy i
think they'd also be really good like
with a drink
server's nibbles so i like those
then we should try something sweet so
maybe this
love vegan dairy-free wheat-free
gluten-free no-added sugar
warm ginger and peanut this is more of a
sweet thing you might have
as an afternoon pick-me-up
it'll taste like you know like a
standard
quite date-heavy bar but if that's your
thing
no you can taste the ginger as well it's
nice
okay so i'm just going to put all of
this away for now
now i'm going to open the second one
which is from a brand called snackfully
and it's 15 pounds for their vegan snack
box
all right i know the box looks a bit
wonky but i think it must have just got
damaged in transit
so in here
oh that's very exciting
get quite a lot of goodies they've got
apes sweet chili puffs they sound good
hummus chips i've had these before
they're good
um mims-a-licious
millionaires balls doisy and damn
nutter cups they look like little peanut
butter chocolate cups
more millionaire bars but in chocolate
so these are doisy and damn dark
chocolate drops
so they're like dark chocolate covered
in a sugar coating
oh gatto these are salted caramel
cookies and cream
yum
brave roasted peas sea salt and vinegar
oh my god there's so much to try
naked you know that who do the naked
bars
crazy cola raisins
then we've got salted cashews with
raisins
squirrel sisters cacao and orange
some sort of energy bar we've got candy
kittens
tropical mango sweets jealous sweets
fizzy friends grapefruit peach and then
deliciously ella
baked veggie crackers beetroot and
multi-seed
that's a lot i'm gonna put the box down
cool so i've laid everything out i like
how there's lots of different items and
lots of different colors
i'm very much drawn to these salted
caramel
cookies and cream things so i'm going to
try those
scissors
so that's like a little
[Music]
like a caramel biscuit sandwich
situation
[Applause]
very crunchy
oh it's chocolate in the middle
i'm not sure about the texture of the
biscuit to be totally honest but the
chocolate inside's nice
the texture's a little bit like i wonder
if they're
gluten free which sometimes gives a
little bit of a chalky texture
and they're nice enough but you can just
tell that they're gluten-free
the other thing that is looking good to
me is these
little millionaires bars
so this is coconut almond cookie dough
topped with creamy date caramel and a
cracking layer of dark chocolate
that also sounds good
cute little millionaires things
i like that better
yeah i really like that actually i would
eat that that feels like
a healthy snack but not too healthy if
you know what i mean
like a good bit of dark chocolate a nice
kind of squidgy sort of
almondy base i'm into that
so i'm gonna go for the maybe these
little
salt and vinegar roasted peas because
i've not had those before
and i like salt and vinegar so these are
made out of yellow split peas
and they must have just been roasted and
then
they've been seasoned
they're quite interesting looking
oh really crunchy
nicely salt and vinegary they're cool
though
they're a bit different i think it's
quite fun to get so many like different
different things so you've got more of a
kind of puff crisp situation then you've
got like nutty
sort of crunchy things so i've just
counted and there's 14
products here i thought i was ordering
one that had 25 in but it does still
seem like quite a lot so i don't know
if it changes um according to what
products are inside
the number but you do get a decent
amount of different different things
for 25 pounds so i'm just going to put
these away and
open the final one so this is the last
one it's from a place called the
goodness project and this is the most
expensive at 48 pounds 90
and it's called the vegan snack attack i
think so it's
supposed to be really chock-a-block full
of
uh vegan chocolate and vegan snack
savory and sweet
so let's just open this up right
cool so this comes in the nicest box
good one if you're
maybe ordering it as a gift okay cool so
when you open it
you get a little no and it's really
nicely wrapped
obviously this is the highest price
point but it definitely is looking the
most giftable
if that's what you're looking for i'm
just going to undo
this
cool you can see the first layer but
there's going to be loads
to get through so i'm just going to get
them all out
little chia lemon cookie little sweets
nuts and seeds protein balls we've got
nut butter cookies
some raw chocolate more chocolate
sweet and salty almond chocolate thing
chocolate mulberries
crunchy pretzels cashews
oh my god these are amazing they're some
chocolate truffles that are vegan
cbd chocolate
got a sort of energy bar
brownie peanut butter cups
and a marshmallow bar that is a lot of
stuff
it is a real good one for anyone who
likes chocolate snacks but also
it's got a variation when it's all laid
out like this
it's definitely looking exciting like i
wanna
get into something i'm gonna go for
these crunchy
pretzel balls
[Applause]
these are like little seeded pretzel
bites
really crunchy
not really nice actually very pretzely
i like those
i would definitely snack on those
they're nice
okay i also feel like i should try this
it's like a nougat situation
look at that i wasn't expecting it to be
that color
so it's organic cream white hazelnut
cocoa butter with
nut brittle
hmm very sweet
really sweet but i quite like the soft
it's got a bit of a praline texture
and then little crunchy bits of nuts in
but it is very sweet
that's definitely one for someone who
likes has a sweet tooth
i'm also kind of wanting to try this
brownie because it's like a
healthier brownie energy bar situation
oh it doesn't look like brownie
at all looks like a date bar
i mean i feel like it's a bit misleading
to call that a brownie
it tastes like a healthy chocolate date
bar
but it's nice if you want to snack like
that and you're not thinking that it's
going to be a brownie
so now i'm going to bring up all three
boxes and compare them
[Music]
okay so i've tried them all now i'm just
going to go through them so this one
is the cheapest one it's from healthy
nipples which is healthynipples.com uk
um it's 13 49 and it's called the vegan
snack box mini
so it's like so we know it's a smaller
one and i do actually really like it
because
it's got quite a good variation of
products in it so
popcorn nut bar tea um
it's even got this little um drink which
none of the others have
and then little pretzel bites um
and it's quite a nice size so i think if
you're going to give it as a gift
to someone you don't want to spend loads
of money then it is a really nice option
um the middle one this is from
snackfully it's 25 pounds it's called
the vegan snack box
it's snackfully.co.uk i do really like
this one
it's the least pretty in terms of how it
came it was just like a cardboard box
but again it's got really good variation
of products in like i was impressed
with how much different stuff you get
because there was sweets
crisps little millionaires bites
biscuits
savory snacks sweet snacks so again
really good variation
and i was impressed this is going to be
quite hard
and then the third one is from goodness
project and it's called the vegan snack
attack
hamper so it's a whole hamper box full
of
a lot of chocolate but other vegan
snacks too and it's from the goodness
project dot co dot uk and it's 48 pounds
so it is the most expensive but to be
honest it did also impress me probably
the most
um just because there's so many
different things in it and
so many different colors different
brands different types of products
and it also comes in the nicest box and
it was really beautifully wrapped
so i think if you're going to give a
gift maybe at christmas or something or
someone's birthday
for someone who loves someone who's
vegan but also
loves especially chocolate then this one
is probably the best one so overall i'm
actually surprisingly very impressed
with these three boxes
i'm not vegan i wasn't sure if i was
gonna like everything but there's
there's really good variation of
products um
some of them are really delicious and i
think they would all make really good
gifts for
vegan especially this one even though
it's more expensive
it's definitely the most giftable
because it's come really nicely wrapped
and has a really really good amount of
products
so it's probably my favorite but i do
also rate these two
um so yeah that's it and join me next
time when i'll be unboxing something
else